--CREATE THE LIST OF PRODUCTS--
The main idea of javascript is to...
1. Save the data
2. Generate the HTML
3. Make it interactive

Since we want to find the HTML we want to copy, then paste it a bunch..
we inspect element on the page and find out what the HTML element is called,
or what its class name is. Then we do Ctrl+F in the code to find it.

Now we cooooooould just copy and paste the code we find a bunch of times. But
this is inefficient.

<timestamp: 22:45>

1. SAVING THE DATA

The key to copying and reusing data is choosing a good data structure
for the job. 

A list works good for the items on the page, like an array.
An object works good for the elements inside each container item
because it lets us group multiple values together.

So we can have a list of objects for the page.

When calculating money, javascript has a tough time with float amounts.
Remember to save values of money in cents.

Within amazon.js, we created a data structure using arrays and objects to
resemble the items on the amazon site. This was our first step, saving
the data.

2. GENERATE THE HTML
We can have a forEach loop that goes through each product and
inserts each products corresponding attributes into the HTML
template in the template strings.

We multiplied one of the template string object values by 10 because
the image names don't exist in floats, and the rating stars could be floats
sometimes.

Now the next step is to combine all this HTML together and put it on
the web page.
<timestamp: 41:52>

Each time we go through the forEach loop, we add our html
to a variable defined as an empty string.

Now we gotta put this html into a element on the page.
It looks like products-grid is suitable, since it holds
all the product containers. We are going to give it another
class specifically to manipulate in javascript.

Aside: toFixed() allows you to have a specific number of
decimal values in a number.

What is the benefit of generating this html?

For real life websites, we put website data in a data
structure, then have another script that generates
html and puts the data in it.

3. MAKE IT INTERACTIVE
**Remember, use querySelectorAll when you are generating
HTML because there will be many of the same class in that
repeated element.
<timestamp: 59:54>

